README.md, before:

# Custom Zombie Code Maker (CZCM) for pvz2
---
CZCM is tool for making your own custom zombie in-level  
More feature will be add in future

Guide for CZCM is [here](https://wikidocs.net/book/8639)

Download at [here](https://github.com/Peap1ant/Custom-Zombie-Code-Maker-for-pvz2/releases) for lates update!
If you can`t use download files from Github, use [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1QJk3kmjBC5pce6Wm5FvTFiisCFb4pztX?usp=sharing)

Made by Peaplant

Special thanks to
- Osamah, main idea for CZCM from Osamah`s tool
- Haruma, for better way for dropbox and make can add custom things
- Nice Zombies, helping fix path problem

---

# Sub-program

Sub-program for CZCM, for add some options easily
Tutorial for Sub-program, read How to use.md

## Resource Generator & Audio Generator (RG & AG)

RG & AG is for make Resource Groups and Audio Groups

## Extra Code Generator (ECG)  

ECG for make extra code for specific zombies or armors, etc  

# Note

- When You want to use multiple lines, you need to write in other json or txt files and copy-paste it
  I want make to enter key work in tool, but I can't so you need to use like that

- When you using exe file, need few sec to open because tech problem

- Also, CZCM is follow GPL-3.0

- When you found bug with CZCM, DM me as 𓄵𓄶𓄳𓄳𓄶𓄵𓄶𓄳𓄶𓄵𓄳𓄵𓄶#2806

Commit message:

Update info for colab ver

README.md, after:

# Custom Zombie Code Maker (CZCM) for pvz2
---
CZCM is tool for making your own custom zombie in-level  
More feature will be add in future

Guide for CZCM is [here](https://wikidocs.net/book/8639)

Download at [here](https://github.com/Peap1ant/Custom-Zombie-Code-Maker-for-pvz2/releases) for lates update!
If you can`t use download files from Github, use [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1QJk3kmjBC5pce6Wm5FvTFiisCFb4pztX?usp=sharing)

CZCM Colab version can early access for now!
Link can be found in Guide

Made by Peaplant

Special thanks to
- Osamah, main idea for CZCM from Osamah`s tool
- Haruma, for better way for dropbox and make can add custom things
- Nice Zombies, helping fix path problem

---

# Sub-program

Sub-program for CZCM, for add some options easily
Tutorial for Sub-program, read How to use.md

## Resource Generator & Audio Generator (RG & AG)

RG & AG is for make Resource Groups and Audio Groups

## Extra Code Generator (ECG)  

ECG for make extra code for specific zombies or armors, etc  

# Note

- When You want to use multiple lines, you need to write in other json or txt files and copy-paste it
  I want make to enter key work in tool, but I can't so you need to use like that

- When you using exe file, need few sec to open because tech problem

- Also, CZCM is follow GPL-3.0

- When you found bug with CZCM, DM me as 𓄵𓄶𓄳𓄳𓄶𓄵𓄶𓄳𓄶𓄵𓄳𓄵𓄶#2806
